Making access to reusable workflows clearer (#33134)
github/docs: content/actions/using-workflows/reusing-workflows.md

- The called workflow is stored in a private repository and the settings for that repository allow it to be accessed. For more information, see {% ifversion ghes or ghec %}"[AUTOTITLE](/actions/creating-actions/sharing-actions-and-workflows-with-your-enterprise)."{% else %}"[AUTOTITLE](/actions/creating-actions/sharing-actions-and-workflows-with-your-organization)" and "[AUTOTITLE](/actions/creating-actions/sharing-actions-and-workflows-from-your-private-repository)."{% endif %}
{% endif %}

> In summary, for the called workflow to be reachable by the caller workflow, the repository's visibility must be as shown in the table below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table shows the accessibility of reusable workflows to a caller workflow, depending on the visibility of the host repository.
```

| Caller repository | Accessible workflows repositories |
|----|----|
| `private` | `private`, `internal`, and  `public` |
| `internal` | `internal`, and `public` |
| `public` | `public` |

> Additionaly, please note that the **Actions permissions** on the caller's repository Actions settings page must be configured to allow the use of actions and reusable workflows.
> 
> Furthermore, except for a public repository, also note that the **Access** policy on the called workflow's repository Actions settings page must be explicitly configured to allow access from repositories in the organization or repositories in the enterprise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Actions permissions** on the callers repository's Actions settings page must be configured to allow the use of actions and reusable workflows - see "[AUTOTITLE](/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/enabling-features-for-your-repository/managing-github-actions-settings-for-a-repository#allowing-select-actions-and-reusable-workflows-to-run)."

For internal or private repositories, the **Access** policy on the Actions settings page of the called workflow's repository must be explicitly configured to allow access from repositories containing caller workflows.
```

> For {% ifversion ghes or ghec %}internal or {% endif %}private repositories, the **Access** policy on the Actions settings page of the called workflow's repository must be explicitly configured to allow access from repositories containing caller workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For {% ifversion ghes or ghec %}internal or {% endif %}private repositories, the **Access** policy on the Actions settings page of the called workflow's repository must be explicitly configured to allow access from repositories containing caller workflows - see "[AUTOTITLE](/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/enabling-features-for-your-repository/managing-github-actions-settings-for-a-repository#allowing-access-to-components-in-a-private-repository)."
```
